I'm out the engine today so I'm going to
make sure that the switch is off and
we're gonna you're going to want to make
sure that the screws are screws and
bolts are all on tight and secure
and you're going to want to wear a glove
for protecting your hand for starting
the engine so I'm going to turn the
switch in to switch back on once I have
everything secure
and we're going to close the choke
so during compression I'm going to turn
the prop so the magnetic circle is
facing up toward ZL
from there you alternate to 45 degrees
to start it
- once you have it popped you I can go
ahead and open the choke for the second
run and position it at the same place
first here and then 45 degrees
I'm going to start it again
and that's how you start an MLG engine
you